Rename `IncomingMessage.date` to `created_at` and change to u32 (#118)
dbrgn/threema-gateway-rs: CHANGELOG.md

- `[fixed]` for any bug fixes.
- `[security]` to invite users to upgrade in case of vulnerabilities.

### v0.21.0 (unreleased)

This release contains a small breaking change in the `IncomingMessage` type:
The `date` type was changed from `usize` to `u32`, and on that occasion it was
renamed to `created_at` to align more closely with our usual protocol
terminology.

The reason for the change is that when parsing a date with the `chrono` crate,
one needed to convert the `usize` into `i64`, which is fallible and needed to
be handled by the library consumer. By using `u32`, that becomes an infallible

> conversion. The data type is sufficiently large for the next 80 years.

Reviewer: I would write 
```suggestion
conversion. The data type `u32` can represent a date up to 2106-02-07 which is sufficiently large.
```
because strictly speaking "the next 80 years" is not true by 3 months today already ;)

Author: Great point 😄
